So while you were still, before you were engaged, how sort of freely could you come and go with each other's lives and apartments?
We had a KFU. We could come and go during the day. Mealtimes were separate.
If there was Christmas, can you remember what we had to do?
We had to ask.
Oh, we had to get permission for one of us to go over to the other person's unit in order to have dinner together.
I think that was purely for the menu sake as well.
The only time Steve could stay past 12, or past 11 in my room was either Christmas or birthdays or funerals.
Did they explain why?
Fire regulations.
Steve, how did you feel about that?
I wasn't very happy at first.
At first we were told 9 o'clock.
Yeah, that's true. 9 o'clock was the KFU, which was a little bit steep really when you consider you didn't finish your meals till around about 6, even half past on some occasions, which didn't give you a lot of time in the evening.
Especially when you were looking for somebody because they're really busy in here.
So then Steve was looking for somebody to try and get him over to mine.
So sometimes we were only having hours together.
How did you feel about that, Charlotte?
Angry.
So they said it was fire regulations?
What happened originally was one of the people at work in one of the units went to one of the managers and said they're both adults.
They have a right to have a bit more time.
So it was thankful to a good person who stood up for us.
And then it got extended to past 11.
Do you think because they're not experienced in supporting relationships?
It may well be because there aren't any, there isn't anybody else at this time like us.
And when we first got together, I don't know if you remember, but I do, being told they were trying to discourage married people.
Whether that is something to do with insurance, I don't know.